update dynamic sampling docs (#5688)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/sentry-basics/tracing/trace-view.mdx

Broken subtraces may be caused by:

> - SDK sampling. Setting a sample rate that's too low may prevent the SDK from sending a transaction. [We recommend sending us all of your transaction data](/product/data-management-settings/dynamic-sampling/#server-side-controls--sdk-sampling).

Author: ```suggestion
- SDK sampling. Setting a sample rate that's too low may prevent the SDK from sending a transaction. [We recommend sending us all of your transaction data](/product/sentry-basics/sampling/).
```
